all right so I cleaned out everything
get the light set up pretty dirty tub
the remodeling put this around in it's
not in great shape they really have a
lot of goop I'm trying to clean it off
that's going to show up a little bad up
here and over there so that's going to
affect the finish a bit shininess you
see there that is the seam they pushed
too much glue through or solvent
silicone so that's not going to stick
scrape it off seeing it off something
it's stuff on the bottom
okay I'll scraping sanding use the
wet/dry 320-grit on the whole wall
he's my razor scrape off the excess
clean dry and Dollman now we'll start
the cleaning phase phase one here pretty
soon after I finish sanding off the rest
of any coffee
all right so now we've cleaned it scrape
it it's going to dry now and then we'll
put a pre primer on we're going to get
this good and dry first let's go to the
sink now alright so now I have the sink
starting to scrape now it's a cigarrette
stage one cleaner right here and then
we'll do the stage two here in a second
SiC looks like before all right
everything taped off ready spray mix the
primer one to one chance
then we've got the base then reducer to
put little spray
picked off in here it's ready to spray
all right so now we have the finished
coats and then we get a final look at it
after ball tape here's our file coat
you